== reSOUND



Step ONE

  // User initializes first api request by entering their 
  
    zipcode(my_zipcode_gem generates lat-lng) OR
      1.1 Save lat, lng in variable and interpolate that into the lat/lng api call
      For example:
      geolocation = [lat,lng]
      With the my_zipcode_gem:
      geolocation = [zipcode.lat.to_s,zipcode.lon.to_s]
        lat/lng api call:
                          "http://api.songkick.com/api/3.0/search/locations.json?location=geo:#{geolocation}&apikey=QG143a2Qf7zybpnb"
    city, state OR
    city, country


Step TWO

  // Save all api info in variable called data

    Dependent on whether user searches by city, state/country OR lat,lng:

      data = http://api.songkick.com/api/3.0/search/locations.json?query=charlotte+us&apikey=QG143a2Qf7zybpnb
      OR
      data = http://api.songkick.com/api/3.0/search/locations.json?location=geo:35.2072,-80.8292&apikey=QG143a2Qf7zybpnb


Step THREE

  // Pull out the id to be able to interpolate that into the next upcoming events api call
  // Save id of location in variable called id

    id = data['resultsPage']['results']['location']['id’]


Step FOUR

  // Interpolate id variable (holding id of specific location) into the upcoming performances api call

    upcoming_events = "api.songkick.com/api/3.0/metro_area/#{id}/calendar.json?apikey=QG143a2Qf7zybpnb"


Step FIVE

  // Create a .each loop with the returned data containing just what I want (somehow restrict the results to only show the first 50 events listed).
    1. // Name of performing artist
    2. // Display event popularity
    3. // Display name of event, artist, and date
    4. // Displays name of city, state, and country
    5. // Display map of venue location from lat/lng of venue
    6. // Save venue lat/lng in variable so I can interpolate in Google Maps static map api #{lat,lng}
    7. // Display name of venue
    8. // Display date of event and starting time
  
    upcoming_events['resultsPage']['results']['event'].each do |event|
      
      1. // Name of performing artist
      Event.new(event[‘performance’][‘artist’][‘displayName’]) ———> Name of artist
      
      2. // Display event popularity
      Event.new(event[‘popularity’])        --------------------------————> Popularity of event

      3. // Display name of event, artist, and date
      Event.new(event[‘displayName’])    -------------------------——— > Name of event, artist, and date.

      4. // Displays name of city, state, and country
      Event.new(event[‘location’][‘city’])  ---------------------------———> Name of city, state, and country

      5. // Display map of venue location from lat/lng of venue
      Event.new(event[‘venue’][‘lng’])         ------------------------——— > Longitude of venue
      Event.new(event[‘venue’][‘lat’])           -----------------------——— > Latitude of venue

      6. // Save venue lat/lng in variable so I can interpolate in Google Maps static map api #{lat,lng}
      // Example
      %image_tag “https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/staticmap?&zoom=13&size=600x300&maptype=roadmap&markers=color:blue%7Clabel:%7C19.4250008,-99.1877303”
      // Interpolated version
      "https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/staticmap?&zoom=13&size=600x300&maptype=roadmap&markers=color:blue%7Clabel:%7C#{venue.lat,venue.lng}"

      7. // Display name of venue
      Event.new(event[‘venue’][‘displayName’])     ---------------——— >Name of venue

      8. // Display date of event and starting time
      Event.new(event[’start’][‘date’])    ----------------------------——— > Event date
      Event.new(event[’start’][’time’])    ----------------------------——— > Event time

Step SIX

  // Have a show page for each upcoming event.
  // This is where the playlist created from Spotify API will be displayed, along with 30 second audio preview for each song.
  
  // Will make GET request from Spotify for each audio preview of a track
    // GET request for track
    Example:      https://api.spotify.com/v1/tracks/0eGsygTp906u18L0Oimnem
    Interpolated version:   "https://api.spotify.com/v1/tracks/#{trackId}"

    // Display image for artist
    // Maybe some bio info
    // Show map of venue location
  
      


???’s AND TODO's

??? ——> How to return only the first 50 results from the upcoming events loop?

TODO ——> MAP FOR VENUE:

Need to interpolate the venue name, venue city, venue country/state in the google maps embed api call to show a map for the   location of each event’s venue. Only display map on the show page of the event.

  [venue][displayName] —>Venue Name
  [venue][metroArea][displayName] —> Venue City
  [venue][metroArea][country][displayName] —> Venue country/city

  src will include "[venue][displayName]+[venue][metroArea][displayName]+[venue][metroArea][country][displayName]"
  
  src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed/v1/place?key=AIzaSyBwShm5GF3L0lj83vRvTV-k6fiHezLE2PY &q=[venue][displayName]+[venue][metroArea][displayName]+[venue][metroArea][country][displayName]”


Example:
  <iframe 
   width="600” 
  height="450” 
  frameborder="0” 
  style="border:0” 
   src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed/v1/place?key=AIzaSyBwShm5GF3L0lj83vRvTV-k6fiHezLE2PY&q=La Maroquinerie+Paris+France”> 
  </iframe>


FEATURES ON EVENT SHOW PAGE:

// Performing Artist's Name and image (set artist image as background of show page nav bar with artist name overlayed).

// Date of event, name of venue, time of event

// Related genres to that artist.

// Map of venue location.

// Artist’s top ten tracks, with 30 second preview clip of each song from spotify api.

// Link to venue website on song kick website

// Link to purchase tickets for that event

// List of related artists via Spotify API








CONTROLLERS:

application
events
welcome


reSOUND  ——>  API QUERIES!!!!

1************************************LOCATION SEARCH**********************************************

City, State/City, Country:

Song kick search for location, to retrieve location id http://api.songkick.com/api/3.0/search/locations.json?query=tokyo+japan&apikey=QG143a2Qf7zybpnb

Zip code:

  With the my_zipcode_gem:
  geolocation = [zipcode.lat.to_s,zipcode.lon.to_s]
  lat/lng api call: "http://api.songkick.com/api/3.0/search/locations.json?location=geo:#{geolocation}&apikey=QG143a2Qf7zybpnb"




2***************************************UPCOMING EVENTS***********************************************




Song kick search for upcoming performances by location id http://api.songkick.com/api/3.0/metro_areas/30717/calendar.json?apikey=QG143a2Qf7zybpnb

Big ass .each loop of all of the data I want to pull out for each upcoming event….other note has this information
-This will display all of the upcoming events for the location the user gives.





3*********************************SPOTIFY SEARCH FOR ARTIST ID******************************************



Event Show Page:


Spotify search for artist by ['artist']['displayName'] received from song kick in order to receive the artist id (pull out artist id): 

artist_name  =  upcoming_events['resultsPage']['results']['event'][‘performance’][‘artist’][‘displayName’]

"https://api.spotify.com/v1/search?q=#{artist_name}&type=artist”

Example:
https://api.spotify.com/v1/search?q=Crosby+Stills+Nash&type=artist

artist_data = https://api.spotify.com/v1/search?q=Crosby+Stills+Nash&type=artist
artist_id = artist_data['artists’][‘items’][‘id’]
artist_image = artist_data[‘artists’][‘items’][‘images’][‘url']

*******somehow pullout artist image here as well.
maybe…
= image_tag 'artist_image'




4*********************************SPOTIFY TOP TEN TRACKS FOR AN ARTIST*********************************




Event Show Page:

Spotify search for artist’s top 10 tracks using the artist id retrieved in the previous api request. 

interpolated version: https://api.spotify.com/v1/artists/#{artist_id}/top-tracks?country=US
https://api.spotify.com/v1/artists/2pdvghEHZJtgSXZ7cvNLou/top-tracks?country=US
with this search, I want to pull out the track name, and the 30 second preview_url for each song.
  
  top_ten = https://api.spotify.com/v1/artists/2pdvghEHZJtgSXZ7cvNLou/top-tracks?country=US
    track_name = top_ten[‘tracks’][‘name']
    album = top_ten['tracks']['album']['name']
    clip = top_ten[‘tracks’][‘preview_url']

Event.new(event[‘performance’][‘artist’][‘displayName’])
top_ten[’tracks’].each do |track|

  1.//Track name
  Artist.new(track[‘tracks’][‘name’])

  2.//Album that the track is from
  Artist.new(track['tracks']['album']['name’])

  3.//30 Second preview clip
  Artist.new(track[‘tracks’][‘preview_url’])

MAP:
Need to interpolate the venue name, venue city, venue country/state in the google maps embed api call to show a map for the   location of each event’s venue. Only display map on the show page of the event.

venue_name      = upcoming_events['resultsPage']['results']['event'][‘venue’][‘displayName'] 
venue_city         = upcoming_events['resultsPage']['results']['event'][‘venue'][‘metroArea’][‘displayName']
venue_country   = upcoming_events['resultsPage']['results']['event'][‘venue’][‘metroArea’][‘country’][‘displayName']

src will include “#{venue_name}+#{venue_city}+#{venue_country}"
 
src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed/v1/place?key=AIzaSyBwShm5GF3L0lj83vRvTV-k6fiHezLE2PY &q=#{venue_name}+#{venue_city}+#{venue_country}”


Example:
<iframe 
 width=“100%” 
  height="450” 
frameborder="0” 
style="border:0” 
 src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed/v1/place?key=AIzaSyBwShm5GF3L0lj83vRvTV-k6fiHezLE2PY&q=La Maroquinerie+Paris+France”> 
</iframe>

6****************SPOTIFY RELATED ARTISTS BASED ON THE PERFORMING ARTIST AT EVENT********************


Receive related artists for the performing artist on event show page:
Figure out how to limit number of related artists given back to me!

https://api.spotify.com/v1/artists/#{artist_id}/related-artists
related_artist_data = https://api.spotify.com/v1/artists/#{artist_id}/related-artists

I want to pull out the related artist’s name, image, and link to view them on Spotify

related_artist_name = related_artist_data[‘artists’][’name’]
related_artist_image = related_artist_data[‘artists’][‘images’][‘url’]
related_artist_spotify = related_artist_data[‘artists’][‘external_urls’][’spotify’]

= image_tag 'related_artist_image'

Example:
https://api.spotify.com/v1/artists/43ZHCT0cAZBISjO8DG9PnE/related-artists